1. What is true about a constructor function?
It always returns an instance of the class that it is in.
A constructor is used to create instances of the class that it is located in.

2. Which description is correct about the following line of code?

System.out.println("This is a test");
println is a class method.

3. What is the main difference between an instance method and a class method?
A class method is static and does not require an instance to be created first to use it.
You can use a static method immediately without the need to create an object instance first.

4. When is an attribute accessible in a class?

It is always accessible inside a class.
An attribute variable is accessible to every function and constructor inside the class.

5. Which of these statements correctly creates a new Triangle object in a new Triangle variable using the constructor shown below?

public Triangle(double base, double height) {
    this.base = base;
    this.height = height;
}

Triangle triangleA = new Triangle(3.5, 2.5);
An object declaration specifies the class name, the variable name, the `new` keyword, and the argument list for the constructor.

6. How can creating classes inside a program help a developer?

It helps keep the code organized, which makes it easier for others to read and understand it.
Classes help with organizing code into small tasks that are easier to understand.

7. How would you write a constructor for a Rectangle class that takes two double data types as parameters and initializes the attributes?

public Rectangle(double length, double width) {
    this.length = length;
    this.width = width;
}
A constructor has the same name as the class and has no return type; it will have `public` access.

8. If numOfSides is a static class integer variable of the Triangle class, then how would you correctly access this variable inside the main function?
System.out.println(Triangle.numOfSides);
For static variables, you can type the class name followed by a period (dot) to access it.

9. When would you use the this keyword?
when you need to make a distinction between an attribute variable and a parameter
The `this` keyword allows you to access the attributes inside the class.

10. You have a class that has a function to calculate the area of a rectangle. Which other component is needed to complete the class?
Add two properties to represent the two side lengths of the rectangle.
A rectangle can be described using the length of two sides, so these would be the properties of a rectangle class.

11. What would be considered a behavior found in a user-defined class?
2) calculatePerimeter

12. How is an IDE helpful when working with instances of classes?
An IDE allows you to step through the code and see the values that are assigned to each attribute.
An IDE includes a step feature that allows you to examine each line of code, and also the values stored inside variables.
